Both notebooks are labeled in terms of the order they should be run in. For both, the csv files need to be uploaded to the same folder as the file in order to run. 

To run DockerFile:
build docker image with: sudo docker build -t icu-homework2 .
run on 8888 port: sudo docker run -p 8888:8888 icu-homework2
then open the browser
(for reference, container ID is f8c6af677a65)

For Part 1:
Code should be run in python (installing imports if they do not exist in notebooks). Expected outputs are tables queried through SQL as well as histograms and measures of spread representing comparisons of findings.

Question 1: Table of ethnicities with associated top most used drug_type by admission to hospital, returning the drug_count as well (number of times prescribed). 

A histogram of drug prescription counts by ethnicity is also returned to breakdown counts for each of the three drug types for each ethnicity to analyze visually. 

Question 2: 

First a table is returned that shows the types of data in ADMISSIONS table, specifically to confirm age was added. 

A table with top three procedure names for each age group and the counts of each of those three procedures being used on that age category is returned. 

Question 3: 

Returns icustays outtime to confirm format of outtime, as well as the stay_length to confirm length was updated properly. ICUSTAYS was also returned to ensure the stay length was attached properly. Next, ICU Stay Length by number of patients was displayed in a histogram along with its measures of spread. The same was done for the datasets split into male and female, and finally for ICU Stay length by ethnicity (color coded accordingly) with each ethnicity’s measures of spread as well.  


Part 2: 

Question 1: Expected output is the same table as for in SQL, but this time generated by pulling from Cassandra (Table of ethnicities with associated top most used drug_type by admission to hospital, returning the drug_count as well (number of times prescribed)). 

Question 2: A table with top three procedure names for each age group and the counts of each of those three procedures being used on that age category is returned. Note that for 0-19, the second two entries have different names because there are multiple entries that have only 1 procedure_count, so Cassandra reflects two different procedures with the same number count. Additionally, a histogram of the procedure names by age group is shown to note any overlap between groups and procedures (such as Packed Cell Transfusion for 50-79 and for >80). 

Question 3: Measures of spread were returned for overall stay length, gender categories, and ethnicity categories to conclude the numerical values were the same as for SQL. (small discrepancies in table measures from way column was calculated in python vs in SQL)
